feat: Porting and refactoring the package (#1)
raccoongang/rg-mfe-overrides: README.md

# **rg-mfe-overrides**

The **rg-mfe-overrides CLI** is a command-line tool designed to streamline the management of micro-frontends (MFEs).
It simplifies handling override files, managing changes, and setting up development environments for MFEs.

---

## **Install Globally**

Run following command:

```bash
npm install -g git+https://github.com/raccoongang/rg-mfe-overrides.git#<version>
```

---

## **Available Commands**

### **1. Commit Changes**

Moves modified or newly added files into a specified directory, such as `frontend-build/overrides`.
The CLI automatically organizes the directory structure based on your MFE.

#### **Usage**:
```bash
mfe-cli commit <path>
```

- `<path>`: Destination path where the changes should be committed (e.g., `frontend-build/overrides`).

#### **Example**:
```bash
mfe-cli commit ../frontend-build/overrides
```

---

### **2. List Changes**

Displays a list of all modified or added files in your MFE workspace before committing.
This helps ensure accuracy and minimizes errors.

#### **Usage**:
```bash
mfe-cli list-changes
```

#### **Example**:
```bash
mfe-cli list-changes
```

---

### **3. Apply Overrides**

> Copies or creates files from the `frontend-build/overrides` directory back into the working directory of your MFE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves modified or newly added files from the `frontend-build/overrides` directory back into the working directory of your MFE.
```

Author: I agree, it looks better
